README.md, before:

_.o0 TuxlaGL 0o._
==========================

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/sknV6Zv.gif "Image from Tuxla3D Mobile")

_(not an ingame image)_

TuxlaGL is a Javascript/HTML5 3D web browser game. I's a remake of my [Tuxla3D](http://pi-mobile.com/index.php/product/game/tuxla/view/14/) 
game which is available only for J2ME enabled handsets. 

    This game would be **much different** from the original.

The rules of Tuxla are pretty simple but I would like to experiment with a darker ingame atmosphere including some 3D effects.

# Controls

# Supported Browsers

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Browser</th>
    <th>Supported</th>
    <th>Tested Versions</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Google Chrome</th>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>26.0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Firefox</th>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>19.0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Internet Explorer</th>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>  
</table>


# Open Source Libraries
TuxlaGL uses the following javascript libraries:

  * [Three.js](http://mrdoob.github.com/three.js/) - JavaScript 3D library.  
  * [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) - The Write Less, Do More, JavaScript Library.
  * [Require.js](http://requirejs.org/) - RequireJS is a JavaScript file and module loader.
  * [Underscore.js](http://underscorejs.org/) - utility-belt library for JavaScript.
  * [Holder.js](http://imsky.github.com/holder/) - Holder renders image placeholders entirely on the client side.  
  * [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/) - Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the user's browser.


# License
Read the [LICNESE]() file for more info.

Commit message:

Changed game licensing info.
Switched to GPL license for source code. Art and textures are NOT under
GPL license. They will fall into proprietary ownership cateogry.

README.md, after:

_.o0 TuxlaGL 0o._
==========================

![alt text](http://i.imgur.com/sknV6Zv.gif "Image from Tuxla3D Mobile")

_(not an ingame image)_

TuxlaGL is a Javascript/HTML5 3D web browser game. I's a remake of my [Tuxla3D](http://pi-mobile.com/index.php/product/game/tuxla/view/14/) 
game which is available only for J2ME enabled handsets. 

    This game would be **much different** from the original.

The rules of Tuxla are pretty simple but I would like to experiment with a darker ingame atmosphere including some 3D effects.

# Controls

# Supported Browsers

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>Browser</th>
    <th>Supported</th>
    <th>Tested Versions</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Google Chrome</th>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>26.0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Firefox</th>
    <td>Yes</td>
    <td>19.0</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <th>Internet Explorer</th>
    <td>No</td>
    <td>-</td>
  </tr>  
</table>


# Open Source Libraries
TuxlaGL uses the following javascript libraries:

  * [Three.js](http://mrdoob.github.com/three.js/) - JavaScript 3D library.  
  * [jQuery](http://jquery.com/) - The Write Less, Do More, JavaScript Library.
  * [Require.js](http://requirejs.org/) - RequireJS is a JavaScript file and module loader.
  * [Underscore.js](http://underscorejs.org/) - utility-belt library for JavaScript.
  * [Holder.js](http://imsky.github.com/holder/) - Holder renders image placeholders entirely on the client side.  
  * [Modernizr](http://modernizr.com/) - Modernizr is a JavaScript library that detects HTML5 and CSS3 features in the user's browser.


# License
Game source code is under GPL license. Please refer to the [COPYING](COPYING) file for licensing info.
Please note that game textures and art are **NOT** under GPL license.
